Chicago Fire is an American television drama series that airs on NBC. The show explores the lives, both professional and personal, of the firefighters and paramedics of the Chicago Fire Department. NBC renewed the series for a third season.
Geneva is the second most populous city in Switzerland, after Zurich, and is the most populous city of Romandy, the French speaking part of Switzerland. Geneva was ranked as the world ninth most important financial center for competitiveness and third in Europe behind London and Zurich.
The University of Geneva is a public research university located in Geneva, Switzerland. Today, the university is the second largest university in Switzerland by number of students. UNIGE has programs in various fields but is particularly acknowledged for its academic and research programs in international relations.
Angry Birds is a video game franchise inspired primarily by a sketch of stylized wingless birds, with two billion downloads across all platforms. Angry Birds has been praised for its successful combination of addictive gameplay, comical style, and low price.
Runtastic is an international mobile fitness company that combines traditional fitness with mobile applications, social networking and elements of gamification as a logical reaction to the Quantified Self movement. Runtastic develops apps, hardware products, and services.
The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media corporation headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world second largest broadcasting and cable company in terms of revenue, after Comcast.
The Eiffel Tower is an iron lattice tower located on the Champ de Mars in Paris. It was initially criticised by some of France leading artists and intellectuals for its design, but has become both a global cultural icon of France and one of the most recognizable structure in the world.
The Space Needle is an observation tower in Seattle, Washington. Six parachutists have leaped from the tower since its opening, but this activity is only legal with prior consent. Four jumpers were part of various promotions, and the other two were arrested.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the oldest and largest of the three pyramids in the Giza Necropolis. There are three known chambers inside the Great Pyramid. The lowest chamber is cut into the bedrock upon which the pyramid was built and was unfinished.
The key aim of the Quality of Life technologies research area is to establish quality research in mobile networking systems delivering accurate and timely services to their users. The QoL team currently contributes to research on mobile networking systems deployed in healthcare.
In collaboration with Microsoft Research, we tested the ability to measure stress by using mouse and keyboard peripherals that include non invasive pressure sensitivity sensors. We show the efficacy of new peripherals including these sensors to further provide information about stress.
The new iPhone is not simply bigger, it is better in every way. Larger, yet dramatically thinner. More powerful, but remarkably power efficient. With a smooth metal surface that seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display. It is one continuous form where hardware and software function in perfect unison.
The Nexus Player console is designed to fit beautifully alongside your current home entertainment setup. It comes with a voice activated remote, perfect for playing casual games and finding your favorite shows. Gamepad for Nexus Player, sold separately, is engineered for fine tuned control of your favorite Android games.
Pervasive Health Conference is a premier international forum with specific focus on technologies and human factors related to the use of ubiquitous computing in healthcare and for wellbeing. The overall goal of the Pervasive Health Conference is to take a multidisciplinary approach to Pervasive Healthcare Technology research and development.
MobiSys seeks to present innovative and significant research on the design, implementation, usage, and evaluation of mobile computing and wireless systems, applications, and services. This conference builds on the success of the previous twelve MobiSys conferences. It will be held in Florence, Italy, in May.
Tourism is an important part of the Hawaii economy. The summer months and major holidays are the most popular times for outsiders to visit, however, especially when residents of the rest of the United States are looking to escape from cold, winter weather. The Japanese are also principal tourists.